prices game is so script one half second
too slow to fast you don't quite catch
it
five white house
here they come he lets it fly nice catch
on that he is drilled the six
he might not be able to get the pass off
and watch out
I'm not sure what happened but one of
the players is her Kirk go ahead and
just give us your reflections on this
games well more than anything else I'm
disappointed for the players Colorado
State has got to be heartbroken to lose
such a close game as this one was they
came in as huge underdogs but they
played their hearts out and almost came
away with the big upset
those another group
point for 14
all right back festive
here's an opening the five touchdown
falcons
and now he's got room to run he's at the
20 he's knocked out of bounds at the 16
yard line it's second down now there's
just a few feet away from that post down
market
touchdown Air Force
that's even ballgame her from school
Air Force 38 Boise State 35 so Kirk how
would you sum up the action of this one
they weren't given much of a shot before
this kickoff hats off to them for a
great victory Air Force should have been
happy just to keep this game quotes that
you'd ask most people before the game
but how about they play fourth down and
the offense is still on the field this
is their last chance they need a big
play here wow what a battle and what a
stop right there congratulations for
that defense that's gonna be the ball
game
you